I put my phone in airplane mode but it still didn’t fly
If you drop soap on the floor, is the soap dirty or is the floor clean
Socks are just portable blankets for your feet
Yesterday I saw a cloud wearing sunglasses
If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand
Why does my shadow have no shoes
Bananas don’t have toes and that’s why I can’t find my wallet
If life gives you lemons, throw them back and demand chocolate
The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese
Why do we drive on a parkway and park on a driveway
Tutant meanage neetle teetle
What, you egg ? [He stabs him]
Is meatball an fruit
Get two birds stoned at once
They don't think it be like it is, but it do
The problem with most quotes on the internet is that they are often not true
Licking doorknobs is illegal on some planets
People die if they are killed
He who stumbles around in darkness with a stick is blind. But he who sticks out in darkness is fluorescent.
Does rocks float on lava ?
Just remember: the eagle may fly high, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
All your base are belong to us
Congratulation. This story is happy end. Thank you.
A winner is yoyu
Don't do stupid
You have dysentery
Do a barrel roll!
The cake is a lie.
Would you kindly ?
I am error
The numbers all go to 11.
42
It's just a flesh wound.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
I love deadlines. I love the whooshing noise they make as they go by.
Whenever I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goes away.
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence in society.
If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything
I do desire that we may be better stangers [Throws a shoe]
Thou art as fat as butter
Methinks the lady doth protest too much
Why chase rainbows when you ca sit in the shade and eat crayons ?
Time flies like an arrow, fruit flies like a banana.
I tried to drown my fish, but it swam away
You can’t have everything. Where would you put it?
I asked the toaster for directions, but it just made me toast
My shoes don’t fit because the mailbox is full
If you can’t dazzle them with your brilliance, blind them with your nonsense
Do cows get bored standing in the rain, or is it just me?
Never trust a duck in a top hat
Gravity is just a suggestion
I stapled water to a tree, but the tree drank it
The moon called; it wants its cheese back
Pencils have erasers because cat hair can’t sing
Is mayonnaise an instrument?
I microwaved my dreams and now they’re a little crispy
Never trust a ladder; it’s always up to something
I put my socks in the freezer so my shoes would be cool
Does sand get wet or is it just awkwardly moist?
When life closes a door, it opens a refrigerator
My umbrella is broken, but it keeps my chips dry
If the sky is the limit, why are there footprints on the moon?
The ocean called; it wants its waves back
If you trip over a rainbow, do you land on a unicorn?
Sleeping is just time traveling for lazy people
Don’t touch the bacon, or it will squeal
Penguins wear tuxedos because they can’t tie ties
My thoughts are just beans without soup
Do ants get lost if they use Google Maps?
 ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
#GrammarNazi
k
Everything not saved will be lost
I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee.
ROBERTTTTTTT
1337
I got an ant farm. They didn't grow shit.
The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone else he can blame it on.
Some people have a way with words, and other people... oh, uh, not have way.
omne animal post coital triste
aquila non capit muscas
panem est circenses
4815162342
Noli equi dentes inspicere donati
cum grano salis
I wish I was where I was when I wished I was here
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot
The plural of anecdote is not statistics
The future ain't what it used to be
I'm so smart it hurts
Depends on what your definition of 'is' is
Every book is a children's book, if the kid can read
One does not simply walk into Mordor.
I am once again asking for your financial support
Is this loss ?
This is fine
